my own hat and blue Kate all right my
great
look I'm no stranger to bad DS games
it's almost like it's become a game in
itself for you guys
hey let's send Derek the worst games we
can find that's cool cuz I think it's
funny too when I stop weeping and the
thoughts of suicide we're off I think
it's funny too so I'm usually prepared
for bad games but this one this was like
like I was expecting the left hand jab
but instead I got oh someone dropped a
piano on my head good yeah plenty okay
so the Wonder Pets save the animals it's
two exclamation points in that title one
of which comes at the end of a sentence
fragment I'm not sure what upsets me
more and frankly I'm too flabbergasted
by this game to care this game has three
adventure modes each of which lasts
about seven minutes few minigames aside
that's about 21 minutes of total
single-player gameplay currently the
Wonder Pets save the animals' costs
about twenty-one dollars on Amazon which
averages out to about a dollar a minute
even an ugly stripper would be a better
way to spend a dollar a minute yeah good
yeah plenty pay speaking of which you
get to pick out their outfits no extra
charge
that's one of the game's little mini
games of which there are three but the
thing is that dress up game repeats
itself in each of the three adventure
modes as well I mean I'm not going to
count the minigames in this thing
because frankly there's already been way
too much math in this review all I'm
saying is you have that that's that's
poopy and five-year-olds no poopy
so quantity aside what are the minigames
entail well sometimes you get to match
stuff other times you get to trace stuff
and sometimes you get to scream stuff
which as far as I can tell are about the
only capabilities of a young human
hardly an impressive bunch if we were
dinosaurs we just eat them you know
lettuce things designed crayon obviously
with a game like this you don't want
things to be complicated so the approach
of the minigames make sense keep things
simple but it's not that these games are
simple they're god-awful man you know
when each of your main modes only lasts
seven minutes apiece why not make each
one different Allah that's like writing
a haiku and saying you ran out of words
there are lots of words and you can find
them in books you moron Hey huh
what Gaelic anyway Hey oh well to its
credit the game does use the stylus and
the microphone it at least uses the
unique attributes of the Nintendo DS and
yeah I guess for little kids playing a
game like this it kind of prepares them
for the digital world they're growing up
in I don't know this is a terrible game
you guys in fact there's only one good
thing about it and that's this this
piano thing I can see kids having fun
with this you also teach them to play
thrash metal Rex
look I'm not saying this is bad because
it's a kids game I'm saying it's a bad
kids game
there are countless games in the App
Store that are gonna cost less have
better quality and do a better job of
teaching your kid this one's ugly
it's cheaply made overpriced and of
course my friend Jane from Watford
England sent it in why thanks Jane
bloody conned of you who didn't it -
exclamation points that's ridiculous
good yeah okay hey hey